# MandelbrotDistr
In order for the programme to work in a distributed manner, I needed to make an MPI/MPJ through the extenral tool option in IntelliJ. I made three one for Distributed GUI, one for Benchmarking(for statistics for the report) and one for the distributed part where the processes work to save a picture to the desktop. In order for these to work i needed to open external tools in IntelliJ through the File and then Settings then External Tools and then for each I had to adjust the Working directory, the arguments and program. The paths need to be correct in order for the program to work. So you need to check if they adjusted to your computer if not then you need to manually adjust them. They pull in the javafx and modules. Besides this, I made the configurations for these three and they also contain the working paths, VM, arguments etc and in case of issues they will most likely be the problem as they will need to be adjusted for your computer and where you saved the openjfx, mpj folders. 
In order to start anything MPJ, rebuild the project, go to tools, external tools then select the mpj you want and it should start the processes, and in case of error it is probably the path that needs to be adjusted as you need to specify the exact path you take to get to the javafx parts.
In order to run sequential go to MandelbroApp and go to run and it should open a GUI with the Mandelbrot set
In order to run the paralle go to MandelbrotApp->edit configurations and then Mandelbrot configuration and there it should say int he arguments that the mode is paralle and run it through there.
Alongisde, the project is entirety inside the master branch here.
